[VOICE OVER] Another area to observe
caution is when using the internet,
especially when transferring credit
card data.
Make sure when you enter data on a webpage
that it starts with “https” rather than “http”.
This means you are using encryption to protect
sensitive information.
The “s” stands for secure.
The browser encrypts the data before sending it.
After it reaches its destination it is decrypted,
or returned, to its original state.
Also, be cautious when using email.
For example, emails typically travel insecurely
through the internet and can be intercepted.
Never send sensitive cardholder information
using open, unencrypted email.
Keep in mind, messages stay on your computer
until deleted.
Even after you delete them, copies often
remain somewhere within the organization’s network.
Software exists that can scan messages and
different types of documents, looking for
16-digit number sequences.
So even if you can’t find that email,
a hacker easily can.
Since we are on the topic of email, there
are some important best practices you should
take any time you receive a message.
Make sure you stop, look, and think when
receiving an email and:
● Don’t rush to open unexpected attachments;
if something seems suspicious, verify it’s
legitimate before you open it.
● Hover over links; move your mouse over the
link to see where it would actually take you.
● Analyze email addresses; make sure the “Reply-To”
address is the same as the “From” line address.